we made the decision to do this this
peaceful demonstration for the lack of
Attention
of the national water commission for not
present a viable proposal that does not
favored us who was for himself
we are putting in good agreement for
ask for something that serves us mates
A) Yes
I am gabino amador miranda president
of the commissariat ejidal de caduaño
He was attending meetings by
many times we go to bed the dialogue never
they presented us with a favorable proposal
We are demanding the payment of
land is 1 and 2 the payment of
petric materials
and all the materials they use inside
of our aunts
I also have
although we know
do not
We hope that we are cut
we are at the dialogue table
we hope there is a proposal already
more favorable we will value it
we'll see what decision to take
otherwise I have slept I have slept the
child sometimes nothing and all
moth that is alone
in my question is elected every year not
we like the problems but if
we defend our rights do not we
we oppose this work to be built
this work so important but neither
we do not want to be trampled on
Our rights
we want justice
but we want a piece of cake